In March, Hung Joins The Jet Set
Published on March 21, 2007.
Or at least it seems like it.
Earlier in the month, I rode on a bus with the UNM basketball band to Las Vegas.
I guess that doesn’t count as “Jetting” but hey, I was traveling.
Just last week, I flew with the basketball band to Hartford CT.
Tomorrow, I’m flying to California for a Google job interview, then flying from there to Michigan for the University of Michigan School of Information Visiting Days.
Finally, on the 26th I fly back home.
That’s a lot of cities in one month, and a lot of frequent flier miles.
Hopefully I can get something cool.
Like a magazine subscription!
I’ve just finished printing all of the documents that I think I’ll need to find my way around (this is my first time flying alone).
Plus I gotta take taxis and shuttles and all sorts of crap that I never thought about when traveling around with my family.
Hopefully everything will go without a hitch.
Maybe I’ll even get to do one of those things where I give up my seat and make mad bank for it, flying out the day after!
One can only hope.